hey how's it going Dave 2d here so if
when using the razor phone for a couple
of weeks at this point and I want to
share my experiences of using this phone
with you guys so a lot of people are
interested in this phone because it's
such a different looking phone from a
lot of other Android offerings
especially with that 120 Hertz screen
but I feel like there's so much more to
this phone that is actually really good
for a lot of people not just gamers or
whatever you might think that the Razr
brand is catering to so the first thing
I want to talk about is build quality
this thing is built like a tank
it's it's aluminum it's not like special
materials or anything but the design of
it is just so boxy and so just
industrial feeling and industrial
looking it's a really really solid phone
if I had to drop phones like thousands
of times it would be this one I feel
like this is the one that's gonna last
the longest the button placement takes a
while to get used to the power switch is
good but the volume rockers are just I
don't know they're a little bit lower
than I'm used to so even after using
this thing for a couple of weeks I'm
still not used to their lowers position
I wish it was higher up I also don't
like that this thing doesn't have a
headphone jack now a lot of phones don't
have headphone jacks in 2017 but this
one in particular I feel like it really
should have had one it's a gamer
oriented phone I mean it can be for
gamers but even for regular people
because this thing is so good for media
consumption I feel like a lot of people
could have really benefited from a
headphone jack and it doesn't have one
which is unfortunate okay let's talk
about the screen it's probably its most
flagship feature it's the thing that
they're marketing the most heavily it's
a really nice looking screen 120 Hertz
very fluid very color accurate my
biggest complaint about it though is the
brightness it's not super dim or
anything like that don't get me wrong I
think it measures at around 300 nits but
because of how bright other smart phones
can get at this $700 price point it just
feels like it's dimmer than it could or
should be now the screen is nice for
games but I don't know if it makes me a
better gamer so most of the games that I
play in mobile are just pretty relaxed
and chill games something like Altos
landing looks really nice on the screen
120 Hertz but there's a lot of games
that are like the competitive games that
still don't run out 120 Hertz on the
screen even if you lower the resolution
so it depends on the games you want to
play but keep in mind that that list of
games that supports high frame
is growing every day now using the
screen outside of gaming is also really
really nicely just browsing the web
anything that has a UI just looks super
smooth just browsing Reddit imager
flicking and swiping around on this
screen feels so smooth and after using
this one for a couple of weeks switching
back to a regular phone feels so choppy
the speakers are in a league of their
own they sound amazing it's not the
volume and the bass I mean it does get
loud and the bass is present but it's
just the clarity if he sounds so clear
when you're playing games listening to
music just anything that has sound
sounds abnormally clean coming out of
these speakers it's weird hearing this
kind of audio from a smartphone it is
unfortunately one of those things that
you have to experience in real life and
same thing with the screen you can't
like this video is not going to do is
justice the screen and the speakers are
something you have to experience in real
life now if there's one complaint I had
about the speakers it's that when you
lower the volume the bass and the mids
disappear way quicker than the higher
frequencies it had to install some EQ
software just to make it sound the way I
want but really good speakers overall
the camera is disappointing there's no
way to spin it it's not a good camera
the default software the listen comes
with takes particularly bad photos like
the low-light photos are really grainy
but if you download the Google camera
app like the one that comes stock on
pixel devices the image quality looks so
much better but here's the thing people
shouldn't have to do that I feel like a
lot of people don't even know how to do
that so it's unfortunate that this
camera delivers the photos that it does
coming out of the box now a lot of
reviews are going to focus on this I
think a lot of people are going to
tunnel vision on the whole bad camera
thing because it's a really easily
compared thing or it's a very objective
metric that differentiates phones but
does it really matter to you I mean if
you're someone who spends a lot of time
on Instagram and you have to post these
like curated photo collections then yeah
don't get this camera don't get this
phone but if you just use your phone for
the average memory just take a picture
here their camera image quality is
important but it's not the most
important thing in the world so if the
other things in this phone are kind of
good for you then I'd still keep this
thing on the short list of options
looking at performance Snapdragon 835
eight gigs of ram and I gotta be honest
I don't feel like this is any different
from any other Snapdragon 835 phone
which is the majority of flagship phones
it's fast but it's not blazing fast the
iPhone 10 is still fat
and benchmarks but this thing feels
really fluid and because it's running a
pretty much stock version of Android
7.1.1 it's gonna say fast for a long
time okay last thing battery life this
thing has a four thousand milliamp hour
battery and I thought our kind of hoped
it would last a really long time like a
two day battery because it's relatively
big but that's not the case I'm getting
around six hours of screen on time it's
basically a day and a half battery now
it does support quick charge for plus
which is really fast it's as fast if not
faster than - charge from one plus I'm
getting like 65 70 percent of battery
off of a 30 minute charge it's really
impressive now overall great phone for
the right person so if you're someone
that again if you're if you're really
big on photography don't get this thing
if you just use your phone like I feel
like most people do for media
consumption and stuff like that this
thing is awesome like do you know how
much better browsing read it is at 120
frames per second than a 60 frames per
second screen like there's no comparison
it's just better to look at better
sounding than most phones out there for
media consumption so if that's your jam
check this phone out I think you guys
will like it but if you're not
interesting that stuff if you're like
mister no business and mr. photographer
not the phone for you okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs have you liked
it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]